today we're heading out to the UK made
the lenses today we're heading out to
the UK and what time's it miss it some
Marvin Gaye 10 o'clock we're heading out
in about 6 hours but pretty much I have
impacted haven't done anything yet
check out Matt how we gonna love it baby
Lamar is always always always the last
one to pack till sometimes wait to like
for the morning to pack let's go pack
now we are all very excited to go to the
UK we have some amazing stuff set up we
have amazing people helping us that we
cannot wait to introduce you to but do
you remember this guy until he hasn't
rested Ben's on yet but you will but he
will it's going on this is just gonna be
following our day preparing for our
travel is going to the airport getting
on the plane I guess we'll start this
all right half an hour later we're ready
to go have people have people met Thomas
yet you should explain Thomas is my
little brother he's 19 years old he's
almost 20 years old and he dropped out
of school to edit for us Thomas actually
it's an incredible editor and he's
working with us now pretty much
full-time and he's traveling with us to
London and he's going to help us shoot
and edit and be awesome guys
it's Perry's first time outside of the
country Perry is a film maker and he's
got a an amazing opportunity to direct
something in the UK it's his first time
outside of about outside of the US and
he's gonna have to pull a big stunt
tonight at there for it especially on
the plains yeah don't say that big song
but we're going to that air form right
now if you got to stuff right though you
got it there and also thanks for going
to Hawaii
all right there Darren higher this is
forms like we got to go we got to go and
the last one has always said a lot of
last minute packing to do where all my
packing happens last minute do the
dishes
like Myanmar Telecom awesome I said what
up so know what that means
Roberto is expected to give to the
Amazon and about two weeks so by the
time we're back from the UK he will not
be here
all right over here let's go let's go
love it
we come be
every single flight I've ever taken
whether maari's gun randomly selected
it's so unfair and it's a sweet they
high-fived me through Thank You chef
hey thank you
let's do it
did they pick your gel you just took my
hair gel man those 15 dollars man it's 5
milliliters you're getting checked
because you're brown take my hair gel
Donald Trump so Perry has been
practicing his joke the other great -
stays on the plane
hey everyone I just want to cheer you
all up we're gonna be on a long fly it's
like 12 hours so I can I tell you would
you mind if I told you a joke
don't ask they're just oh them right
away I'm gonna tell you Joe thinking
what if we strap him with a GoPro around
his chest but then we realize that
there's a blinking light as is excuse me
everyone if something happens I'm
pointing to you think I'm running after
me I'm gonna be like damn it's gonna be
a good conversation starter for the
person next to me sit down and be like
alright let me explain what that you
know why you still wired yeah if I get
in trouble we all get in trouble yeah
yeah a little bit yeah
just letting you know that I don't know
what would you ladies save this guy sir
got me fine yeah that would be fun that
would be fine that would be fun
you said every fun is there but I'm
gonna do it
excuse me real quick we're gonna be on a
really long flight so I just wanted to
tell everybody a joke before we go to
cheer everybody up if that's all right
dude I literally hate myself for
this we're gonna be landing at Heathrow
in about 12 hours again if there's
anyone you want to connect us with if
you know of any maneuvers or any place
any cool places that we should visit let
us know in the comments and we'll see
you next week
yeah
Oh